feat: updated Session Replay data retention documentation (#12867)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/data-retention.mdx

title: Replay data retention
---

export const ImgReplayRetentionSettings = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/configure_retention_period_in_replay_settings_81e98b6e9f.png"

Depending on how your app or website is built, recordings can take a lot of disk space. To manage this, we have the following retention policy options in place.

> **Note:** Any individual recording you want to preserve can be downloaded as a JSON file by clicking "Export to JSON" in the more options menu in the top right of a recording. Downloaded recordings can then be imported back into PostHog for future playback, even if the original recording has expired.

## PostHog Cloud

> The retention period for your recordings can be configured in the "Data Retention" tab of the Session Replay settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retention period for your recordings can be configured in the [**Data Retention** section of the session replay settings](https://app.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-retention):
```

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight={ImgReplayRetentionSettings}
    alt="Configure data retention settings for your recordings"
    classes="rounded"
/>

The longest available retention period depends on your PostHog plan:

| Plan | Data retention |
|-----------|------|-------------|
| Free | Up to 30 days
| Pay-as-you-go | Up to 90 days
| Boost | Up to 1 year
| Scale | Up to 1 year
| Enterprise | Up to 5 years

> **Note:** When a recording expires, the deletion is not immediate. Recordings may still appear for a short time after the retention period expires or when manually deleted via the UI. Once a recording has been deleted we are unable to restore it - this makes data retention a useful feature if you are subject to data protection regulations.

> ### Long-Term Storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Long-term storage
```
